README.md, before:

# TOP Inventory App - ShopSort

## Summary

A smart shopping list application that helps you organize items by categories, track spending, and never forget essential items.

## Model

## Notes

- Controller
  - indexController.js
- Routes
  - indexRouter.js
  - newRouter.js
  - itemRouter.js
- Views
  - index.ejs
  - item.ejs
  - newItem.ejs
  - newCategory.ejs
- db
  - Pool.js
  - populatedb.js
  - itemQueries.js - createItem - getAllItems - getItemById - updateItem - deleteItem - GetAllItemsByCategory
    categoryQueries.js - createCategory - getAllCategories - getCategoryById - updateCategory - deleteCategory
- app.js
  - `/`
  - `/categories/:id`
  - `/categories/new`
  - `/categories/:id/update`
  - `/categories/:id/delete`
  - `item/:id`
  - `/item/new`
  - `/item/:id/update`
  - `/item/:id/delete`

user can CRUD items
user can CRUD categories
user can get all items of one category
split all items into category when showing all items
when delete category, just delete category from item so find items in that category and change the category to "". make sure to have a clause if the category is an empty string.

- item

  - id primary key
  - name
  - category (foreign key from category table)
  - date
  - quantity
  - added by

- category

  - id primary key
  - name

  Need to use `express-validator` to sanitise and check the form inputs.

Commit message:

Subject: feat:add form validation and sanitization
Body:
Adding `express-validator` to validate and sanitize user input in the item and category forms.
This includes checking for required fields, valid data types, and sanitizing strings to prevent XSS attacks.
The changes also include error handling to display validation errors on the frontend.

README.md, after:

# TOP Inventory App - ShopSort

## Summary

A smart shopping list application that helps you organize items by categories, track spending, and never forget essential items.

## Model

## Notes

- Controller
  - indexController.js
  - itemController.js
  - categoryController.js
- Routes
  - indexRouter.js
  - itemRouter.js
  - categoryRouter.js
- Views
  - index.ejs
  - item.ejs
  - newItem.ejs
  - newCategory.ejs
- db
  - Pool.js
  - populatedb.js
  - itemQueries.js - createItem - getAllItems - getItemById - updateItem - deleteItem - GetAllItemsByCategory
    categoryQueries.js - createCategory - getAllCategories - getCategoryById - updateCategory - deleteCategory
- app.js
  - `/`
  - `/categories/:id`
  - `/categories/new`
  - `/categories/:id/update`
  - `/categories/:id/delete`
  - `item/:id`
  - `/item/new`
  - `/item/:id/update`
  - `/item/:id/delete`

user can CRUD items
user can CRUD categories
user can get all items of one category
split all items into category when showing all items
when delete category, just delete category from item so find items in that category and change the category to "". make sure to have a clause if the category is an empty string.

- item

  - id primary key
  - name
  - category (foreign key from category table)
  - date
  - quantity
  - added by

- category

  - id primary key
  - name

  Need to use `express-validator` to sanitise and check the form inputs.
handle when checked with emojis and strike through the text. 
Want the All categories to put all the items in groups with headers of the category.
